class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]This is to test the automated process
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]This is to test the automated process
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]This is to test the automated process
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
coveredIdsForPatterns
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
addPredicates
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.allNodesLeafPlanner$[apply]This is to test the automated process
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.executionplan.builders.prepare.KeyTokenResolver
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.argumentLeafPlanner$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.idSeekLeafPlanner$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.expand$[apply]
class org.neo4j.cypher.internal.compiler.v2_2.planner.logical.steps.cartesianProduct$[apply]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] =[IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
############################### END ############################### 
############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIds
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addArgumentId
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addArgumentId
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addArgumentId
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [p,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [p,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addArgumentId
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addArgumentId
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addSelections
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addShortestPaths
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
coveredIdsForPatterns
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = []
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternNodes
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addHints
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addArgumentId
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPatternRel
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
addPredicates
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = []
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = []
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
withOptionalMatches
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### BEGIN ############################### 
++(other: QueryGraph)
patternRelationships: Set[PatternRelationship] = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes: Set[IdName] = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds: Set[IdName] = []
selections: Set[IdName] = [dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [user,]
dependency: Set[IdName] = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches: Seq[QueryGraph] = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### coveredIdsForPatterns ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### coveredIdsForPatterns ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### coveredIdsForPatterns ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### coveredIdsForPatterns ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### coveredIdsForPatterns ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### coveredIdsForPatterns ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [p,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [p,]
dependency = [p,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,  UNNAMED46,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,  UNNAMED46,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addSelections ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = []
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addShortestPaths ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternNodes ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addHints ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addArgumentId ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPatternRel ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [r1,r2,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### addPredicates ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r2),IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,friend,user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = []
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = []
patternNodes = [user,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### withOptionalMatches ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

############################### ++(other: QueryGraph) ############################### 
patternRelationships = [IdName(r1),IdName(r2),]
patternNodes = [user,friend,friend_of_a_friend,]
argumentIds = []
selections = [dependency = [user,]
dependency = [user,]
dependency = [r1,r2,]
]
optionalMatches = []
hints size = 0
shortestPathPatterns size = 0

